QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	Answer	N	Percentage
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		INSTAT has participated and organized several activities in national and international level by increasing the image of NSS with a special focus to Official Statistics. Also INSTAT has established dedicated working groups with Donors which are regularly organised.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		In the improvement of the methodology;Promoting the capacity building.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		International cooperation was a key element that supported INDEC's recent recovery, and its enhancement is both a short and long term strategic line of action of the NSO.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Building international statistical capability: The ABS is funded by the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) to deliver initiatives under the aid program through bilateral arrangements with NSOs under DFAT's regional economic governance initiatives. The ABS also partners with DFAT to support regional statistical capability development and institutional strengthening under the Australian Government's foreign policy priorities and aid program, assisting to enhance economic governance, regional security and stability, improve institutions, promote prosperity and enhance accountability. At the time of this assessment, the ABS supports five long-term partnerships to provide technical assistance and statistical leadership support. These partnerships are with: ï‚· Indonesia; ï‚· Timor-Leste; ï‚· Papua New Guinea; ï‚· Fiji; and ï‚· the Pacific region. The Australian Statistician has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the counterpart Chief Statistician for most of these programs, which articulates the partnership principles, mutual obligations and the parameters of our engagement with each country. For example, Statistics Indonesia and the ABS have had agreements in place for over 20 years and recently signed a milestone five-year agreement broadening the collaboration of statistical activities.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01			34	36.56
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Thanks to cooperation with international organizations and foreign statistical offices in the course of consistent implementation of medium-term strategic programmes for the development of state statistics, we managed to create a legal framework, a system of statistical indicators and a methodology of their compilation based on international standards and rules.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Learning by the exchange and sharing of experiences	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		In the past two years, technical cooperation has assisted the SIB greatly in moving forward its work on the organizing and strengthening of the NSS as well as the improvement of its national accounts methodology. More generally, technical cooperation has been utilized to build capacity within the Institute and improve the quality of its core statistics and data collection methodologies.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		expanding existing knowledge in order to improve statistics in Bosnia and Herzegovina	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The organization has benefited from South to South Cooperation	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Enhancement in data compilation, reducing data gaps, and streamlining data processes.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Better quality of data production	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		International cooperation promotes the development and implementation of international standards and frameworks, enabling StatCan to provide a consistent and coherent picture of the Canadian economy, society and environment. It supports evidence-based policy and allows Canadian decision makers to draw valid and necessary comparisons between Canada's performance and that of other countries. Strong, internationally comparable statistics allow Canadians to make informed decisions affecting their own lives and futures. Knowledge and experience gained through various international activities supports the development of a modern, engaged, self-reliant and innovative work force. International knowledge-sharing offers unique opportunities for employees to explore other countries' tools and methods, and fosters innovation at Statistics Canada.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Regional assistance particularly from CARTAC has been crucial in our transitioning to international standards through hands-on training, peer reviews and recommendations/advices	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		We learn experience and lessons from our internatinal peers and use them in the reform of statistical surveys and system management.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The members of the NSS, in the framework of the international statistical governance, follow the recommendations and cooperate with the international statistical bodies for the production and dissemination of statistics.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Development of technical capacities in statistical methodologies, use of technologies and geographic systems.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Positivement, Cela a donné unesprit d'ouverure sur d'autres et de partage d'éxpérience, apercu sur le fonctionnement des autres SNN.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		We believe that the international cooperation has transformed the NSS. We were a major receiver of cooperation before the accession and now we try to return the favour by participating in international cooperation activities as provider.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The harmonization and improvement of the quality of information and the processes of statistical production.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The NSO is learning and trying to implement the knowledge for a better functioning of the SSN. For example, we are working in a dissemination strategy. An expert of the World Bank is working in the prelimary docuement.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		International cooperation had contributed to improving Georgia's statistical system and had resulted in better quality and more comparable data. Regular assessments in most areas of statistical production are made through international cooperation. International partners (such as the IMF, Eurostat, Statistics Sweden, USDA and others) conduct regular missions and provide assessment of the existing situation and recommendations for future work.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Foreign assignments and activities of employees are supported and promoted. The goal is to give employees the chance to actively improve their proffecional skills in close co-operation with experts from other NSO's.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Improvement of the quality of statistics in statistical domains.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		La coopération internationale a connu le système statistique national.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		HCSO and some members of the NSS regularly participate in international technical cooperation programmes aimed at producing, developin and, improving statistical products, processes, and dissemination. In the last few years HCSO took a leading role in a number of international projects, experts of the NSS are often invited as speakers to different regional workshops and seminars.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Very beneficial, primarily Nordic cooperation and European cooperation.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Capacity building by participating in the training courses, workshops, conferences, as well as the surveys common international comparison and develop the skills of statistical analysis	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		1. Organizing training workshops and courses, 2. Providing technical advices and consultations.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		capacity building of NSS staff	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Technical assistance in a variety of areas has helped to build capacity in a number of agencies including the NSO	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The CSB participates in development of international / ESS standards. Taking part in international cooperation activities helps the CSB employees be informed. The CSB takes into account global development trends when developing its Development Strategy.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Active engagement in the statistical co-operation through European and international bodies, involvement in international projects and activities lead to accumulation of best practices later on applied in developing strategies of the NSI and optimization of the institutional set-up, upgrading of data collection, processing and dissemination processes, adopting and promoting the best international standards, methodologies and procedures, introduction of internationally recognized quality framework and improvement of quality and comparability of statistics, etc.Reputation of the SL as a trustworthy and professional institution, ready to provide inputs to the ESS, UN and OECD activities and share best practices with other statistical agencies, gained.Expertise of staff raised, motivation of young employees strengthened.The network of colleagues and partners expanded within the ESS and international level and in implementing the joint projects.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Enable DOSM to learn from the best practices of the advanced countries as well as DOSM sharing its expertise with other countries via SESRIC, ASEAN, ESCAP, WTO and so on.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		To improve statistical methodology and statistical releases in general by learning about good practices.Has helped/is helping in the development of the National Statistical System.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		INEGI has enriched its methodologies, data collection activities and working process in general by actively participating in international meetings. At the same time, INEGI has shared its experiences and assisted countries that require training or advice in specific areas.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Exposures of Staffs, learning, sharing, cooperation strengthen.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		It assisted the NSA to improve and subsequently the NSS (indirectly)	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		International cooperation has had three key elements:1. Ensuring New Zealand meets its international obligations,2. Influencing the direction of statistical frameworks, methodologies and classifications, and 3. Sharing the knowledge, tools and technology and learning from others to accelerate developments and innovation.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		in a positive way.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Positive Applying of the international standers Enhance quality Networking	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The twining program with ABS is a successful model for PNG over the past 4 years.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Brinda capacitacià³n que repercute en el mejoramiento de la calidad de los datos.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		National statistical programs are aligned with international strategies on statistics. International commitments are adhered to and monitored as to compliance.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The Polish official statistics operates within statistical systems of international organizations, that Poland is a member of: the statistical system of the UN and its regional commission (UNECE), the ESS functioning within the European Union as well as the statistical system of the OECD.The cooperation with international organizations covers not only fulfilment of Statistics Poland commitment to provide regularly statistical data to the databases of international organizations,but also involvement in analysis and surveys conducted by those organizations and participating in works regarding improvement of quality of statistics as well as ensuring international data comparability.The international cooperation is in many cases the driving force of innovation, standardisation and a reason for producing new statistics. It also has a positive effect on the quality of published statistics due to peer reviews and quality control by / reports to international organisations.It should be noted that the involvement of Statistics Poland in actions undertaken in the international fora, and active participation in the law-making process, elaboration of indicators definitions and classifications, guarantees the influence on their shape and facilitates their quick and easy implementation in the Polish statistical regime. In a broader context it leads to ensuring that the Polish official statistics provide the high-quality and internationally comparable statistical information.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		International Cooperation plays a key role in and is a driving force that dives us opportunity to be changed and developed	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Awareness and knowledge on international standards and requirements as concerning the production of official statistics allow NBS staff to set targets (in the NSDS) and implemented the last recommendations;2012 AGA recommendations led to a new law on 	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		The bilateral, regional and multilateral cooperation was, over the time, starting with 1990, one of the important engine of the progress achieved by the Romanian National Statistical Institute. The harmonization of the norms, standards, classifications with the European and International ones, the taking over of the important models of good practices in official statistics were essential objectives that guided the Romanian National Statistical Institute activity.Nowadays, Romanian National Statistical Institute is acting as a member of both the European Statistical System and Global Statistical System, assuming an active role.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		1. It has improved the NSS over the years and also improve the status of the NSO	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Un renforcement du volume et de la qualité des statistiques produites.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Improving compliance with ESS and UN Statistical System; upgrading individual knowledge and skills of employees; possibility to exchange views with other NSIs, especially throw bilateral cooperation.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		By training workshops and conferences	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Absolutely.We are members of the European Union. We work closely with Eurostat and the European institutions and countries.But we also work with the rest of relevant international statistical institutions as OECD, United Nations, IMF, etc.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Built capacity and other positive effects and impulses	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		UT is very important	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		TurkStat has has benefited from EU based programmes and projects from 2003 on. Besides being the beneficiary side of such programmes, TurkStat has been supporting technical assistance programmes and international projects for long. Main target groups are such as Caucasian, Central Asian, Balkan, Middle East, Northern Africa, and Islamic countries and TurkStat's experience in international cooperation as donor institution dates back to early 1990's. Apart from these programmes, the experts of TurkStat have participated in many working groups of Eurostat, UN and UNECE. The participation in these groups contributed a lot to knowledge and experience of these experts and mediately their colleagues. Memberships in the Bureaus of CES (2013-2015) and Committee on Statistics and Statistical Policy (CSSP) 2015 were also interesting experiences both from the view of high level administration of TurkStat and experts.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Improve the methods and processes of statistical production	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		We value international collaboration enormously. It has enabled us to work with other NSIs to solve common problems, develop common standards and share knowledge and expertise.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Participation in technical working groups with UN organizations and other countries has widen the perspective of many NSO managers. Most NSOs operate within limited resources to perform their agency mission; in many cases, this means meeting non-negotiable data/media releases on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis, as well as researching improvement methodologies.In many cases, UN requests involve lengthy surveys and/or require special calculations. For example, when detail data at disaggregate levels are requested, I suspect ratios are applied to calculate the "splits"... which may or may not normally meet the quality standards of the agency's regularly-released data. Although, notations are made for transparency reasons, I do not think the UN entities pay that much attention to it.Increasing the understanding of where and why all the UN requests come from will lead to more cooperation.	1	1.08
Q10.2	Ways in which international cooperation has affected the functioning of your NSS	R01		Technical support and finance support	1	1.08
