QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	RegionName	1. There is a lack of training offered by international organisations in this area and also NSO and this contributed to the lack of knowledge in this area by line ministries.	2.2 "Article 10: Le Directeur général est choisi parmi les ingénieurs de la statistique et de la démographie ou de niveau équivalent." http://www.ansd.sn/index.php?option=com_docman&task=doc_download&gid=20&Itemid=259	Additional comment for 2.2 - Based on the rules and regulation of Public Service of Government Malaysia.	Areas of data governance, indigenous rights and sovereignty of data are emerging as more significant issue in the supply of and access to data. The role of the NSO in New Zealand is evolving to look at setting the direction of the data system and the need to set mandatory data standards to ensure more standardisation and increase the value from data and statistics. We recognize that some work is proceeding in these areas and support this.	CONSTATNTE TRAINING AND INCLUSION OF THE PROMOTION OF A STATISTICAL CULTURE	Challenges:- Approval of the project to reform the current law.- Strengthen capacities to establish standards for the SEN and implement them.- Establish disclosure and confidentiality policies for the SEN.	FOR THIS PRINCIPLE THERE IS A LOT OF EFFORTS TO DO IN THAT WAY THE NSO AND THER OTHER AGENCIES DON'T HAVE THE SAME COLLECTS METHODOLOGICAL.	Further improvements are in the process of implementation, as the new law on Official Statistics is in the process of implementation (delayed unfortunately due to low priority of statistics in the Government). The new law should clarify the procedure of appointment of the DG, improve the coordination role of the NSI and provide additional sources of funding which should be used for education of staff.	Inadequate human and financial resources are the main constraint in this area.	It is important to strengthen the professional and Technical Independence in the Statistical activities carry out for the State Units other than INEGI.	It is necessary to update the statistical law, considering a principle that guarantees the professional and technical independence of the INEC and the NSS entities. It is necessary to take into account the mechanisms for the designation and dismissal of the chief of statistics, as well as the code of ethics of all statistical personnel of the NSS.	Knowledge, capacity and capability are required in the NSS in order for one to understand the need and importance of data. This is lacking in many developing countries.	Low level of Awareness on data users and data providersWorkload of staff from statistics unitsNo dedicated staff for statistics at line ministries	NO CHALLENGES	None	Questions 2.1 and 2.5 are not clear. Difficult to answer.	Reg. Q2.3. - it is the Ministry of Finance who is responsible for the recruitement process and hence would be the right insitution to direct the question to. There was some dicussions in the media when the previous DG was employed in 2015.	Statistical units in ministriesNSO training to be strengthenedClassifications and codes are not used consistently across NSS	Statistics Poland applies international classifications and nomenclatures in statistical research, which makes comparing statistical data possible. Classifications and nomenclatures are applied directly (e.g. CN) or national detailed versions are elabrated based on the European Union standards (the Polish Classification of Activity based on NACE and the Polish Classification of Goods and Services based on CPA). Statistics Poland President is legally authorised to elaborate the national classification standards, as well as to change and interpret them. The legal means to introduce them is however a regulation of the Prime Minister. The basic classification standards are applied not only for statistical purposes, but they have also broad usage outside statistics. They are available along with auxiliary materials on the Statistics Poalnd information portal for users other than statisticians. Examples of interpretation decisions are also available on the website	Strenghthen the cooperation with the universities and scientific centres to impact the scientific knowledge;Improving the dissemination of ethics procedures to the staff;Promoting the Capacity Building in the staff.	The Strategy for the development of state statistics of the Republic of Belarus until 2022 provides for raising professional competence and qualification of the staff, creating conditions for the development and interest in achieving high performance results through: improvement of HR planning and long-term plans for HR development taking into account the needs of state statistics bodies; application of new forms and methods of HR management, implementation of modern HR technologies. Due to the budget limitations, it is not always possible to implement planned activities on professional staff development.	The big challenge on this principle is to establish National Quality Framework to measure the quality of NSS statistical products.	There is need for more transparency and accountability by statistical agencies	To ensure full implementation of EU General Data Protection Regulation;To strengthen technical and organizational measures to prevent, detect, analyze and respond to cyber incidents.	We do not have further comments about this principle	We have no challenges for principle 2	We strongly follow the Principle 2	NA
Q02.11	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 2	R01		Africa		1.08					1.08								1.08					1.08		1.08	1.08			1.08		10.75
Q02.11	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 2	R01		Americas					1.08	1.08			1.08	1.08	1.08														1.08			7.53
Q02.11	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 2	R01		Asia			1.08										1.08	1.08				1.08									1.08	20.43
Q02.11	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 2	R01		Europe								1.08								1.08	1.08		1.08		1.08			1.08				31.18
Q02.11	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 2	R01		Oceania	1.08			1.08								1.08																1.08
