QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	1. Our NSO has to compete with all other line ministries in getting funds to support our annual activities. This means every year we make funding proposals to government through the Cabinet Development Committee to endorse our proposal and it is the role of the Ministry of Finance to seek funds for our statistical activities if approved.It is the same for all other line ministries.2. We also have bilateral relationships with other donors that we can seek funding or technical opportunities if approved funding is not sufficient.	A ce jour, ce mécanisme n'existe pas. Chaque partenaire technique financier est intéressé par un domaine spécifique. Dans certains cas, certains partenaires unissent leurs forces pour mettre leurs actions en synergie.	ALL Donor funding is coordinated by the Ministry of Finance and Economic Development including other activities other than statistics. As for Statistics development we dont have a coordinated framework, however in implementing the Botswana NSDS , through that process we are able to see which sector is receiving funding for statistics. It is work in progress.	According to current Statistical Act CBS can't receive any support from donnors (only from EC in Grants, etc.) as we can only use national budget resources devoted for statistical production.	Cayman Islands as an Associate Member of CARICOM (being an Overseas British Territory) is not qualified to receive financial assistance from DFID and other organizations providing support to CARICOM Members.	Chaque bailleur finance les projets statistiques qui l'intéresse. Il existe cependant un Comité de coordination des bailleurs de la statistique.	Currently, all the activities of the office are fully funded by the Government. But we do receive technical assistance in the form of capacity development mainly.	Eligibility criteria	INEGI has its own budget carry out its statistical and geographical program.	It is forbidden by Statistical and General Public Laws.	It was not set up yet	NSO has direct contacts with international donors.	No comments	No donors	No regular or mechanism in place but it is a need based request.	No statistical law	Not needed so far.	The NSO budget is mainly done by Governament, sometimes NSO mobilize resources from partners such as World Bank.	The lack of formal NSS	We are not part of the target group, we are a member of the European Union.	une étude relative á  la mise en place d'un mécanisme institutionnel et organisationnel du fond de développement de la statistique a été réalisée ne 2017. cependant ce fond n'est pas encore en place.	we have received technical and financial assistance from the WB Trust Fund for Statistical Capacity Building, the Asian Development Bank and the EU-ASEAN COMPASS Project	NA
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	76.34
