QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	Answer	RegionName	N	Percentage
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01			Europe	30	32
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		The NSO budget is mainly done by Governament, sometimes NSO mobilize resources from partners such as World Bank.	Africa	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		Not needed so far.	Americas	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01			Oceania	2	2
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01			Americas	9	10
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		No statistical law	Asia	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		ALL Donor funding is coordinated by the Ministry of Finance and Economic Development including other activities other than statistics. As for Statistics development we dont have a coordinated framework, however in implementing the Botswana NSDS , through that process we are able to see which sector is receiving funding for statistics. It is work in progress.	Africa	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		Eligibility criteria	Asia	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01			Africa	10	11
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		Cayman Islands as an Associate Member of CARICOM (being an Overseas British Territory) is not qualified to receive financial assistance from DFID and other organizations providing support to CARICOM Members.	Americas	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01			Asia	20	22
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		une étude relative á  la mise en place d'un mécanisme institutionnel et organisationnel du fond de développement de la statistique a été réalisée ne 2017. cependant ce fond n'est pas encore en place.	Africa	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		According to current Statistical Act CBS can't receive any support from donnors (only from EC in Grants, etc.) as we can only use national budget resources devoted for statistical production.	Europe	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		No regular or mechanism in place but it is a need based request.	Africa	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		NSO has direct contacts with international donors.	Asia	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		A ce jour, ce mécanisme n'existe pas. Chaque partenaire technique financier est intéressé par un domaine spécifique. Dans certains cas, certains partenaires unissent leurs forces pour mettre leurs actions en synergie.	Africa	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		The lack of formal NSS	Americas	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		We are not part of the target group, we are a member of the European Union.	Europe	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		Currently, all the activities of the office are fully funded by the Government. But we do receive technical assistance in the form of capacity development mainly.	Africa	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		INEGI has its own budget carry out its statistical and geographical program.	Americas	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		No comments	Oceania	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		we have received technical and financial assistance from the WB Trust Fund for Statistical Capacity Building, the Asian Development Bank and the EU-ASEAN COMPASS Project	Asia	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		1. Our NSO has to compete with all other line ministries in getting funds to support our annual activities. This means every year we make funding proposals to government through the Cabinet Development Committee to endorse our proposal and it is the role of the Ministry of Finance to seek funds for our statistical activities if approved.It is the same for all other line ministries.2. We also have bilateral relationships with other donors that we can seek funding or technical opportunities if approved funding is not sufficient.	Oceania	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		Chaque bailleur finance les projets statistiques qui l'intéresse. Il existe cependant un Comité de coordination des bailleurs de la statistique.	Africa	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		It is forbidden by Statistical and General Public Laws.	Europe	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		No donors	Europe	1	1
Q10.3b	Main reasons/challenges for lack of donor coordination mechanism or basket fund for statistics	R01		It was not set up yet	Europe	1	1
