QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	RegionName	- specialized staff from other authorities was trained on above issues in the framework of NBS connection to Government Interoperability Platform M-Connect;	All government departments are required to attend FOI seminars	All members of NSS as been invited to participate in seminars and workshops concerning open data, data privacy or access to information policies and principles. obviously more action and training program on this meter is needed.	Annual briefings are part of training for all staff in public service.	BY TRAINING ON WORKSHOPS, SEMINARS	Confidentiality, Data security, and IT-security are important training courses also in our common training program with our regional Offices (Corporate Training of the statistical Offices of the Federation and the Laender).Since 2017 bwe also offer courses on the use of big data by official statistics.for all staff members. Since 2017 we also offer courses on the use of big data by official statistics.	Czech Statistical Office organizes regular meetings (twice a year) with partners inside the State Statistical System. Issues regarding data privacy or access to information policies and principles are always presented and discussed there.Open data activities are coordinated on governmental level.	Do not know exactly,	GDPR har meant that several institutions have revisited this part of their production	Government has a policy on information access	INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AUTHORITY ORGANISED WORKSHOPS SPECIALIZED SUBJECTS RELATED TO OPEN DATA	In conformity with Annual Plan for Personnel Training.	Internal trainings organised by the HCSO are available for staff members of the NSS.	Ministry of Digital Affairs responsible for coordination of the national Programme for Opening Public Data is an organizer of this kind of training for ministries, central and regional public authorities	NCB through the ECB statistical system	NSO has a national Statistical Training Centre at its' headquarters which has an annual plan for statistical training provided to its' staff and other statistical partners.	NSS member can access courses held by the NSO and some have attended courses or seminars dealing with these issues.	Open Data Watch	Open data has been a government guidance established by ICT Ministry. On the other hand, Colombia has a Law related to Habeas Data, which establishes the personal data protection regulations.	Orientation on the Data Privacy Act	Other lead Australian Government statistical authorities have a similar focus on ensuring privacy and follow similar privacy practices. In addition, the AIHW is guided by the AIHW Ethics Committee, established under Section 16 of the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare Act 1987, which, among a range of issues, considers compliance with the Privacy Act. The ABS offers ABS DataLab training on our website: http://www.abs.gov.au/websitedbs/D3310114.nsf/home/DataLab+Training+ScheduleThe Office of the Australian Information Commissioner also offers materials and resources to help Australian organisations and agencies develop or improve their privacy training programs.	Professional statisticians are required to attend training on legal aspects of the use of statistical information, including statutory frameworks such as data protection legislation and ethical considerations. Individual government departments also run internal programmes that are specific to their operational environments, especially where those involve the use of sensitive personal information.	Public Information Access Agency & Undersecretary of Public Innovation and Open Government (Modernisation Government Secretary)	SURS does not have detailed information about trainings in other agencies in the NSS.	Se convocaron a reuniones para dar a conocer sobre los datos abiertos y privacidad de datos.	Seconded staff in other agencies have attended the same training.	Some of the Departments that deal with administrative data have received trainin gon open data.	Staff members of other NSS agencies attended trainings on personal data, data confidentiality etc.	Staff receive training in order to implement the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council.	The Central Bank in ape Town, South Africa in 2017	The IT staff of authorized producers of official statistics regularly attend seminars and undertake training and skills upgrade courses on information security and data protection.	The NZ government has programmes of work that support the opening up of government data, improving privacy practice and good information and records management.www.data.govt.nzhttps://www.ict.govt.nz/governance-and-leadership/the-gcio-team/government-chief-privacy-officer/https://www.digital.govt.nz/	The Office of the President through technical assistance from the world bank were in collaboration to develop an open Data Policy for the country.Through the TA trainings were held. Also there is an Open Data Forum coordinated by the University of Botswana	The Sierra Leone Police and the Environment Protection Agency (EPA)	The above-mentioned Open Data training involved participants from line ministries and departments. However, some agencies were not invited such as the Central Bank.	The knowledge is limited to the activities and events carried out by the PCBS, in which the employees of the National Statistical System join, and in general the subject of data privacy and confidentiality, publishing policies and access to data are topics that are addressed when implementing training courses by PCBS, which are usually implemented annually.	The ministry responsible for the Latvian Open Data Portal has organised training on open data. The CSB has ensured training on the EU Code of Practice.	The open data initiative has not been sufficiently disseminated, it is a relatively new topic for the NSS, however, MINTEL is the entity that has the most knowledge on this subject and who is under its coordination.	The seminar entitled "European Statistics Code of Practice and other documents regulating the set-up of the national statistical system" (September 28, 2018) for the staff from the Ministry of Finance and the National Bank of Ukraine who together with the State Statistics Service compose the national statistical system in line with Ukraine's law on the state statistics	There are two producers of official statistics in Estonia - the Statistics Estonia and the National Bank. Trainings have been similar in both of them.	There is a Specialized Technical Committee on Open Data, integrated by members of INEGI and different State Units of the NSS. The Office of the Coordination of the National Digital Strategy, gave a series of training courses for the implementation of the federal open data initiative to the offices of the executive branch.	Training from the Open Data Institute by Malaysian Administrative Modernization and Management Planning Unit (MAMPU) sponsored by World Bank.	Trainings concerning implementation of EU General Data Protection Regulation; protection and security of personal data; electronic information and cyber security; implementation of the EU Network and Information Security Directive; State information resources protection; open data principles; etc.	TurkStat provides tailor-made training programs to the stakeholder institutions in the Official Statistics Program (OSP) based on demands of these institutions. In this context, a training program including data privacy for one of these institutions (General Directorate of State Railways) was organized in 2018. Also, an annual training program is being arranged for all institutions and organizations included in the OSP for the purpose of improving capabilities of the participants through providing necessary information on data collection methods, statistical methodologies and techniques and data analysis. In future, subjects concerning open data, data privacy or access to information policies and principles may considered to be included in this training program.	We created a pilot for quality assurance training for other federal departments who produce and prepare data. Additionally, all Canadian government departments have access to information offices in support of legislation on this.	We hold the training in the whole WSS about open data.	With in force coming of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data... all civil servants had to be briefed in this field. GDPR courses are offered to all civil servants.	Within the framework of an hoc course on governance and quality issues, NSS received training on data privacy and anonymisation techniques.	https://digital.gov/open-data-policy-m-13-13/	some employees have attended workshops on open data, smart data, big data...etc.	special courses in the NSS	staff of other government agencies such as Ministry of Education.	نعم هناك اهتمام من المؤسسات والوزرات حول البيانات المفتوحة	NA
Q02.10a	Type of training received by agencies in the NSS concerning open data, data privacy or access to information policies and principles	R01		Africa			1.08							1.08						1.08											1.08						1.08	1.08	1.08																			10.75
Q02.10a	Type of training received by agencies in the NSS concerning open data, data privacy or access to information policies and principles	R01		Americas		1.08																1.08	1.08				1.08		1.08													1.08			1.08				1.08				1.08					4.3
Q02.10a	Type of training received by agencies in the NSS concerning open data, data privacy or access to information policies and principles	R01		Asia				1.08							1.08									1.08								1.08		1.08						1.08						1.08		1.08		1.08				1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	11.83
Q02.10a	Type of training received by agencies in the NSS concerning open data, data privacy or access to information policies and principles	R01		Europe	1.08				1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08			1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08		1.08					1.08		1.08		1.08			1.08		1.08						1.08		1.08	1.08			1.08				1.08	1.08						13.98
Q02.10a	Type of training received by agencies in the NSS concerning open data, data privacy or access to information policies and principles	R01		Oceania																					1.08											1.08																						2.15
