QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	-	- lack of financial, human and technical resources delayed the establishment of a unified data portal for official statistics;- unified data portal required integrated multi-annual and annual statistical works programs and intergated release calndars. It 	A single official statistics portal has not been created.At the same time, Belstat's official website provides links to official statistical information published on the websites of authorized producers of official statistics.	An NSS portal is presently being developed for the NSO, which will serve as both a repository of statistics from various NSS agencies as well as a dissemination tool for NSS indicators. This should be ready for piloting in the first quarter of 2019.	Colombia currently is working on this development. At this moment, there is a website in which the NSS could find different information about the coordination instrument: https://www.sen.gov.co/	Due to legal challenges, logistic challenges, and lack of adequate infrastructure.	Each member of the NSS has its own web site.	Faiblesse des ressources financières.	It is currently under development.	Lack of IT resources	Main challenges are the lack of coordination and scarce resources.	Ministries have their own data portals for disseminating the statistics	NSDS needs to be implemented first.	NSS has not been formalized. However three agencies provide macro-economic data and they adhere to the IMF's e-GDDS and therefore publish through a National Summary Data Page	Not yet implemented due to financial and technical constraint.	On the website of HCSO there is a subpage with direct links to the statistical products of the members of the Official Statistical Service. This page is accessible here (the majority of the content only in Hungarian): http://www.ksh.hu/hssz The implementation of a central data portal is the biggest challenge.	Planned activity but not yet realized	Resource constraints	Statistical Centre of Iran has plans to develop a comprehensive integrated system called IRANSTARS to collect administrative data from different government agencies.	The NSO is working in the development of a data portal for his statistical information. Maybe when we have one, we will request the other members of the NSS to publish their data there.	The need to standardize administrative data	The site of ELSTAT includes the links that refer to the websites of the ELSS agencies, in which they publish their statistics.	There are two producers of official statistics in Estonia - the Statistics Estonia and the National Bank. Both of them have their own web-site for dissemination of statistics.Specialization is very clear -- balance of payments statistic versus all the other statistics.	There is as such no NSS in Denmark, but a portal is planned for the future when other institutions than the NSO will produce official statistics in Denmark.	There is no central data portal, since every institution or ministry publishes data on their own website. The challenge is to have interconnected Hubs.	There was a portal previously which was for the Official Statistics System but it was not well supported or used. Eventually, it was discontinued. Stats NZ is the main portal for official statistics. A portal for open data across government contains a catalogue of datasets however this is broader than official statistics.	Under discussion.	WE DON'T HAVE A STATISTICAL INFORMATION SYSTEM EFFECTIVE	We are still in the process of drafting a national strategy for development of statistics.	We have the plan to develop a new project that includes the module of Web Portal to Disseminate Official Statistics data of our Country by our Custom developed that will be consistent with the NSS Concept.	Work in progress	difficult to coordinate. plan to have in the future.	limited finance	NA
Q08.5b	Reasons/challenges explaining lack of data portal where different members of the NSS publish official statistical data	R01		1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	1.08	64.52
