QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	RegionName	- NBS needs to develop capabilities for using administrative and other data for statistical purposes/integrating administrative and statistical sources;- legislative framework is essential for ensuring access to administrative data for statistical purpose	5.1 Difficulties regarding access to Big data sources and privately owned datasets;Wider use of administrative data	5.3.a. At present, there is a proposal for the Quality Management System of the SEN, which is being tested.	5.4 Administrative data requires a lot of improvements. Big data not yer embraced.	Belstat, by means of a questionnaire, makes a selective assessment of the reporting burden on respondents, about the time they spent filling out selected state statistical survey forms. In order to reduce the reporting burden on respondents, it is planned to simplify statistical tools for small businesses and to further develop the method of sample state statistical surveys of the main indicators of micro-enterprises, as well as to expand the use of administrative data from various sources in conducting statistical assessments and calculations, using the mechanism of the quality assessment of such data.	DANE, as the leading and coordinating body of the National Statistical System (NSS) of Colombia, is responsible, among other things, for the assurance of the quality with respect to the statistical information produced by the members of the NSS. In order to ensure statistical quality, DANE has been carrying out certification processes since 2006 by means of evaluating the statistical operations of the System. In total, 255 quality evaluations have been carried out, where 81% of the operations under assessment have obtained a certification (PEN, 2017: 7). This process was formalized in 2016, by establishing the quality assessment as a mandatory condition of official statistics in Colombia. The statistical quality evaluation process is carried out based on the Statistical Process Quality Technical Standard (NTC-PE 1000), deemed to be the first technical quality standard worldwide in which requirements are established with respect to the statistical process. The entities producing statistics are subject to quality evaluation according to the Annual Statistical Evaluation Program, which it is published one year in advance. The fulfillment of the Technical Standard is evaluated by a Commission of Independent Experts (CEI), consisting of three independent evaluators (experts in the thematic area, statistics and statistical process respectively). Once the Commission presents its recommendation, a Certification Committee that has not participated in the evaluation, issues its decision pertaining to the certification in statistical quality of the evaluated entity, based on the CEI report. The certification is a guarantee of quality with respect to the statistical information produced and provides trust in the use of information. The certification is valid for five years; however, in order to ensure continuous improvement, based on the findings of the assessment, the entity responsible for the statistical operation must present an improvement plan and conduct a self-evaluation with respect to the progress made in such plan and other improvement actions that it may have identified, annually, and subsequently present the report to DANE. This experience has allowed both DANE and the NSS to generate new developments, facilitating the institutional coordination with the entities of the System and promoting the standardization of processes. Furthermore, it is a pioneering process that can be replicated in other statistical systems in the region. By the end of 2018, approximately 30 statistical operations of the SEN will have been evaluated. [1] Spanish acronym	Database of quality information (DBQI) became a key tool for quality assessment, quality documentation and quality reporting for CBS' surveys.	Difficult to assess the quality of the administrative data	Due to lack of resources, we are not presently able to apply a proper Quality Assessment Framework.	In addition to the Tier 1 Statistics, principles and protocols, Stats NZ also has an internal policy for Data Quality management which requires that quality should be considered in each stage of the statistical production business process. This approach has been embedded into our project management procedures (Prince2) to ensure that a project will create and verify products that are fit for purpose. This includes the methods used to accept the products, and who is responsible (quality planning); then ensuring that the quality methods are implemented and tracked (quality control and assurance). There are three stages in the Stats NZ quality management system: 1. Assessing quality and risk in the end to end process 2. Establishing routine management tasks 3. Review and evaluate for the system continuous improvement. Much of the statistical quality assurance work is undertaken by Stats NZ statistical methodology unit and they have recently adopted ‘ASPIRE' to assess quality of official statistics especially when new and alternative data sources are used as input. ASPIRE is an evaluation process that gives rise to a set of numerical indicators that over time signify a changing level of quality risk for a statistical product. Assessment of key outputs using ASPIRE is undertaken annually.	In recent years, significant improvements in administrative registers have been observed and it is preferred in statistics production. The analysis of the administrative registry data requires a different quality of expertise than the survey data. The current staff is trained in this regard.	Insufficient human and financial resources are the main constraint to better implementation of this principle in practice.	It would be extremely helpful if UN requests address "respondent burden" as well. Though lengthy, at least this survey provides multiple choice questions. Another self-assessment OECD "survey" is basically 12 "evidence-based" essays, with multiple parts for every question. It was initially sent to the wrong recipient (former US Chief Statistician), so, by the time it got to the correct mailbox, it was many months later.The respondent burden for numerous UN requests is very significant. Can we reduce redundancies? Not all surveys need to be annual, perhaps every other year or every five years?	Lack of use of administrative registers and their quality.	Legal framework access to administrative data	Nil	None	QUALITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE RECORDS	Question 5.1a -- administrative records are not used as sampling frames directly, but via statistical registers. In other words, statistical register of persons is gets input from the national population register and statistical business register gets input from the national business register. All samples are taken from the statitical registers.	Small size of the country makes it difficult to reduce the burden on large firms	Support the restruturing of the administrative records from data sources;Increase the awareness on timely data supply.	THE CHALLENGES ARE MOSTLY RELEASE TO THE ARCHIVING DATA SOURCE	The ABS does not have a certification process which guarantees the official nature of statistics produced in various parts of the NSS. However, the national statistical authorities have institutional environments that guarantee quality statistical outputs.	The strengthering and od administrative records to reduce the responde burden of the respondents is a good practice that should be improved in the NSS, in the sense that it is an exchange of statistical information.	There is need for an improved coordination between MDAs	To reconcile the timeliness of administrative data with statistical needs.	NA
Q05.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 5	R01		Africa				1.08					1.08								1.08				1.08	1.08			1.08		11.83
Q05.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 5	R01		Americas			1.08			1.08						1.08	1.08							1.08				1.08			7.53
Q05.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 5	R01		Asia											1.08			1.08	1.08	1.08		1.08									20.43
Q05.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 5	R01		Europe	1.08	1.08			1.08		1.08												1.08							1.08	31.18
Q05.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 5	R01		Oceania								1.08		1.08													1.08				1.08
