QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	RegionName	1) International Development Partners (IDPs) misbehaving, sometimes with support of Policymakers2) Statistics Act Article 8 (5) doesn't only refer to the situation that an individual respondent may give permission in writing to release its individual data, bust also to the situation where the NSO takes a respondent to court if the NSO seriously suspects misreporting	6.2 The NSO in hiring consultant, staff and non-staff workers requests them the signature of confidentiality agreements.	All employees working in the Geostat system are obliged to follow confidentiality of statistical data. The employee is prohibited to disclose, use or disseminate confidential statistical data, for personal, academic, research and other activity purposes. Confidentiality commitment is signed by all staff members. In case of modification agreement will be updated and signed again.The confidentiality policy is in place and it is publicly available.	Although individual data is not shared, requests are still being sent by the courts.	As a challenging issue we consider developing comprehensive methodological and organizationalsolutions to maintain a unified and effective statistical disclosure control system for microdata from surveys conducted by Statistics Poland.IT systems used for data transmission must ensure full security of confidential data	Before the new law on official statistics was adopted it was rather difficult to access individual records for statistal purposes. It is much easier now, yet, some minor legislative amendments are to be made.	Currently there are no clear rules for the transfer of administrative records, so it is necessary to strengthen the mechanisms for the exchange of confidential information, under the premise of exclusive use for statistical purposes.	It is difficult to assess what constitutes a statistical purpose because the data is used mostly to support a project with a different purpose like a health activity but not for a statistics activity	Lack of law/legal framework	More guidance in the recommendation about handling micro data and open data accessibility would be helpful. Consideration of the risks relating to equitable access when data is released by multiple sources.	Nil	None	Releasing microdata	Statistical confidentiality may be lifted in the event of legal proceedings or in the context of the application of the law on successions, but the case has never occurred in France.	THER IS NOT CHALLENGES, IF NOT THE RESPECT OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY IS RESPECT.	The Census and Statistics Act 1905 (CSA): requires the Australian Statistician to conduct the Census of Population and Housing every five years; requires the Australian Statistician to publish a quarterly population estimate for each Australian state and territory; empowers the Australian Statistician to collect statistical information on a broad range of demographic, economic, environmental and social topics; enables the Australian Statistician to legally direct a person to provide statistical information, and provides penalties for non-compliance with such a direction; requires the ABS to publish the results of all statistical collections; contains secrecy provisions that ensures any information relating to a person will not be released in a manner that is likely to enable the identification of that person, unless it is permitted by law; and places a life-long obligation on all ABS officers to maintain the secrecy of information collected under the CSA, and provides harsh penalties for those who fail to do so. Section 13 of the CSA provides for the Minister to make determinations allowing for the disclosure, with the approval in writing of the Australian Statistician, of information included in a specified class of information furnished in pursuance of the CSA. The Statistics Determination 1983 (the Determination) is such a determination which authorises the release of a restricted range of information under certain circumstances. The Determination is due to sunset on 1 October, 2018 and a new determination will be in force before that date. The Determination will provide a more flexible scheme under which business information can be released in sufficient detail to meet the analysis and decision making needs of governments, businesses and other stakeholders, whilst managing business expectations around the confidentiality of their commercial information. Section 19 of the CSA contains strong secrecy provisions which ensure information collected under the CSA is only disclosed where explicitly enabled by the CSA. All ABS officers are bound for life to maintain the secrecy of information collected under the CSA, and sign an undertaking of fidelity and secrecy upon commencement and at regular intervals throughout their employment. The CSA provides for harsh personal penalties should secrecy not be maintained. The CSA also provides for Regulations to be made to assist the Australian Statistician in performing their functions. These are contained within the Census and Statistics Regulation 2016.	The confidentiality of primary statistical data is ensured at all stages of statistical production (collection, processing, storage and protection of primary statistical data, generation, accumulation, dissemination and presentation of official statistical information). To ensure the technical and cryptographic protection of primary statistical data, information security systems are created, which pass the relevant certification procedures for compliance with the established security requirements.	The local population is too small, hence there is high probability of response fatigue among households for household surveys. Anonymizing data is also a challenge as it is easy to identify persons at the EA level (an EA is comprised of 100 households). Hence, the lowest level that data can be shared is at district level.	There is alot of areas to discuss.	We do not have further comments about this principle.	We strongly follow the Principle 6.	cf. Loi statistique (http://www.ansd.sn/index.php?option=com_docman&task=doc_download&gid=29&Itemid=259), articles 6 à  8-ter.	there are some contradiction between other laws and the STAT law	NA
Q06.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 6	R01		Africa		1.08										1.08			1.08							1.08		13.98
Q06.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 6	R01		Americas	1.08						1.08											1.08		1.08				9.68
Q06.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 6	R01		Asia			1.08	1.08					1.08		1.08		1.08								1.08		1.08	18.28
Q06.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 6	R01		Europe					1.08	1.08								1.08			1.08							33.33
Q06.5	Additional comments on challenges to the implementation of Principle 6	R01		Oceania								1.08		1.08						1.08			1.08					
