QuestionID	QuestionText	BlockID	BlockText	Answer	N	Percentage
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01			71	76.34
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		The ABS operates in a complex statistical system which is not recognised by legislation. The role and responsibilities of all producers of statistics are not clearly determined by law. While there are some opportunities to improve coordination in the Australian statistical system, responsibilities for the co-ordination of the Australian Statistical System are laid out in the Census and Statistics Act 1905.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		The procedure for maintaining state statistics by state statistics bodies and authorized producers of official statistics is defined by the Law on State Statistics of the Republic of Belarus. The activity of state statistics bodies and producers of official statistics is carried out within the framework of the annually approved statistical work programme. In order to determine the main directions of development of state statistics, Belstat develops, jointly with producers of official statistics, and approves a strategy for the development of state statistics for a five-year period. The Strategy for the development of state statistics of the Republic of Belarus until 2022 provides for the development of effective interaction and coordination within the national statistical system, as well as for the development and strengthening of the role of the Interagency Council on State Statistics in decision making in the field of statistics.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Inadequate human and financial resources is a major constraint to the SIB in the carrying out of its duties as NSS coordinator. Progress achieved over the past two years has been due to financial and technical assistance of the IDB.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Advocating to line ministries of the importance of implementing international standards on data compilation.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		There is need for a law governing the NSS	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		We do not have direct and powerful means to exerise effective managemeng and control of either the local statistical units or those in the ministries.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		We do not have further comments about this principle.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		THE COORDINATION IN THE SSN IS NOT EFFECTIVE BETWEEN NSO AND OTHER NATIONAL AGENCIES	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		coordination is to be improved after the adoption of the new statistical law. We plan to include also Other national statistical authorities (ONAs) in unified release calendar and to disseminate on CBS web site all data from whole Croatian Statistical System.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		The creation of working groups, as well as the special statistical commissions, have been the main mechanisms that have allowed to maintain a technical approach with the entities of the NSS, nowever, there is a need for greater coordination at the level of the processes of leaders who have the capacity to make joint decisions on issues related to statistical work.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Digitalization and digital agendaDestatis has set five concrete goals for digital transformation by 2020with regard to the target image. These refer to the statistics as core products of theoffice including the register-based census and other offers- Improve quality of statistics and all other offers- Provide complex new information and statistics faster and agile- Provide relevant information offers and profile as a central data manager- Develop digital organization and skills- Establishing a partner network at national and international level in order to exchangedigitalization expertise and leverage synergies.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Coordination mechanism needs to be reinforced through dedicated meetings and staff.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Concerning question 8.2, the main challenges for NSS is to adopt the framework for quality evaluation.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Nil	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		None	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		the absence of national statistical strategy is the main challenge	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		At each stage of development, the Programme of Statistical Surveys of Official Statistics is coordinatedand consulted and agreed with:- representatives of central and regionally competent (voivodes) government administration,- representatives of local governments (marshals of voivodeships),- representatives of social organizations,- representatives of trade unions,- representatives of academic circles.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		"3.The State Council on Statistics (hereafter State Council), is the supreme body of governance of the national statistical system, including the Statistical Committee, except for the Central Bank of the Republic of Armenia for the development, production and dissemination of official statistics", CHAPTER 3. NATIONAL STATISTICAL SYSTEM, Article 7. Statistical Committee, LAW ON OFFICIAL STATISTICS OF THE REPUBLIC OF ARMENIA (https://www.armstat.am/file/doc/99509428.pdf) .	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Major challenge - developing the criteria to identify the national producers of official statistics, the certification of producers or certification of a product, signing separate agreements or adopting the list by a general NBS decision - all these questions are to be answered for starting the coordination of NSS	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Of the main problems is that there is no specific body that actually looks at all the key official statistics for the country because there is so many agencies involved. That is an area that we would like to pursue noting that a lot of efforts and resources will be needed to start the initiative especially with the SDGs on board.	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		Cf. rubrique "Coordination statistique" sur www.ansd.sn	1	1.08
Q08.6	Additional comments on challenges for the implementation of Principle 8	R01		By mandate, the Office of the US Chief Statistician is responsible for coordinating the US Federal Statistical System.However, in practice, it is not ideal. There are many UN and OECD units that email directly to our agencies without our knowledge. We only hear about it when our agencies complain. Most offensively, is OECD's use of "blindcopy" emails... so much for transparency. Had they not done that, perhaps they would be informed earlier that they sent their budget programme surveys to the wrong POCs (March 2018 UNSC side event).	1	1.08
